docs: fix leave course button description (#2419)
rolling-scopes/rsschool-app: docs/platform/about.md

To leave the course, click the "Leave course" button in <span style="color:green_apple">[your profile](https://app.rs.school/profile)</span>, in the "Student Statistics" section.
The course remains in the list, but you will not be able to complete tasks and track statistics.

> **Attention!** Clicking the "Leave course" button excludes the student from the course. You can readmittance on your own by clicking on the "Back to Course" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Attention!** Clicking the "Leave course" button excludes the student from the course. You can re-enroll by clicking on the "Back to Course" button.
```
